=== Directory Views

This section describes about the directory views of the application. This object is a persistent representation of a directory UI.

==== Directory

This displays a list of all the directory view objects based on parameters like page, size or sort feature based on name, collection etc as shown in *Request Parameters*.

===== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/directory/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/directory/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/directory/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/directory/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/directory/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Create

A directory view is created by adding a fields like _name_, _collection_, _index_ etc along with other variables as shown in the *Request Fields*.

===== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/create/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/create/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/create/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/create/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/create/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Delete

A directory view can be deleted by passing the _directoryView id_ as a path parameter. This will return a *NO_CONTENT (204)* http status code as shown in the *Sample Response*.

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/delete/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/delete/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/delete/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/delete/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Find by ID

A user can find a directory view by providing _directoryView id_ as a path parameter. This returns a json response displaying the  *HttpStatus.OK(200)*  message along with the directory view object as shown in the *Sample Response*.

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/find-by-id/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/find-by-id/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/find-by-id/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/find-by-id/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/find-by-id/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Patch

This helps an admin user to partially update a directory view. This process utilizes the http patch protocol.

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/patch/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/patch/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/patch/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/patch/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/patch/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/patch/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Update

This helps an admin user to update a specifc directory view based on the _directoryView id_ provided in the path parameter. This utilizes the http put protocol.

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/update/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/update/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/update/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/update/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/update/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/directoryViews/update/curl-request.adoc[]
