=== Themes

This section describes about the "look and feel" of the application. This object is a collection of properties like the header, logo, footer, color, size, styles etc.
The default theme view is seen in the *Sample Response*.

==== Directory

This displays a list of all the theme objects based on parameters like page, size or sort feature based on name, organization etc as shown in *Request Parameters*.

===== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/themes/directory/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/themes/directory/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/themes/directory/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/themes/directory/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/themes/directory/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Active

This search retuns an active theme based on the _search/active_  parameter as shown in the *Sample Request*.

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/themes/active/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/themes/active/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/themes/active/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Create

A theme is created by adding a fields like _name_, _organization_, _header_, _footer_ etc along with other styling variables as shown in the *Request Parameters*. A theme when created, by default, has the _active_ check set to false. This boolean flag, when checked will activate the specific theme.

===== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/themes/create/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/themes/create/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/themes/create/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/themes/create/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/themes/create/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Delete

A theme can be deleted by passing the _theme id_ as a path parameter. The _active_ flag has to be set to false prior to delete. This will return a *NO_CONTENT (204)* http status code as shown in the *Sample Response*.

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/themes/delete/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/themes/delete/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/themes/delete/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/themes/delete/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Find by ID

A user, with an admin role, can find a theme by providing _theme id_ as a path parameter. This returns a json response displaying the  *HttpStatus.OK(200)*  message along with the theme object as shown in the *Sample Response*.

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/themes/find-by-id/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/themes/find-by-id/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/themes/find-by-id/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/themes/find-by-id/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/themes/find-by-id/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Patch

This helps an admin user to partially update a theme. This process utilizes the http patch protocol.

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/themes/patch/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/themes/patch/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/themes/patch/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/themes/patch/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/themes/patch/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/themes/patch/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Update

This helps an admin user to update a specifc theme based on the _theme id_ provided in the path parameter. This utilizes the http put protocol.

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/themes/update/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/themes/update/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/themes/update/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/themes/update/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/themes/update/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/themes/update/curl-request.adoc[]
